-[THEME MUSIC]
-♪ SOME PEOPLE STAND
IN THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ AFRAID TO STEP
INTO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ SOME PEOPLE NEED
TO HELP SOMEBODY ♪
♪ WHEN THE EDGE OF
SURRENDER'S IN SIGHT ♪
♪ DON'T YOU WORRY
♪ ITS GONNA BE ALL RIGHT
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
♪ I'LL BE READY
[I'LL BE READY] ♪
♪ NEVER YOU FEAR
[NO DON'T YOU FEAR] ♪
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
♪ I'LL BE READY
[I'LL BE READY] ♪
♪ NEVER YOU FEAR
[NO DON'T YOU FEAR] ♪
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
-[OMINOUS MUSIC]
-[RUMBLING]
-[ROCK MUSIC]
-[CHEERING]
♪ I'M IN LOVE
♪ YOU'RE LIKE A HEAT IN THE NIGHT ♪
♪ AND IS TOUGH
♪ TO KNOW YOU'LL LEAVE LIKE SUMMER TIME ♪
♪ BUT, IT'S ALRIGHT
♪ CAUSE, YOU TAKE MY HEART AWAY
♪ AND, YOU TAKE MY HEART AWAY
♪ BABY, DON'T STOP NOW
♪ WE'RE HAVIN' TOO MUCH FUN TO LEAVE ♪
♪ AND BABY, DON'T STOP NOW ♪
♪ YOU'RE EVERYTHING I EVER DREAMED
♪ AND BABY DON'T STOP!
♪ AND BABY DON'T STOP NOW!
♪ SO COME ON
♪ AND SHOW ME HOW YOU LOVE ♪
♪ CAUSE YOU'RE ALL I EVER
♪ WANTED TO TOUCH
♪ AND, YOU TAKE MY HEART AWAY
♪ BABY, DON'T STOP NOW
♪ WE'RE HAVIN' TOO MUCH FUN TO LEAVE
♪ AND BABY, DON'T STOP NOW ♪
♪ YOU'RE EVERYTHING I EVER DREAMED
♪ AND BABY DON'T STOP!
♪ AND BABY DON'T STOP NOW!
♪ AND BABY DON'T STOP! ♪
-WHOA!
JULIE, CHERYL, HAVE A NICE DAY.
THANKS A LOT.
COULDN'T HAVE MADE
IT WITHOUT YA!
-DAD, WHAT'S UP WITH
THAT, YOU'RE A BETTER
ROLLER-BLADER THAN ANY OF US.
-I KNOW THAT AND YOU KNOW
THAT BUT THEY DON'T KNOW THAT.
-GIRLS: SEE YA!
-MITCH: THANK YOU!
-GOTTA REMEMBER THAT ONE.
-YEAH ME TOO.
-MEN.
-UM, GOTTA GO DAD,
SEE YOU AT DINNER.
-WHOA, WHOA, WHOA
WAIT A MINUTE,
WHAT ABOUT JUNIOR LIFEGUARDS?
-UH, WE KINDA DECIDED NOT TO
DO JUNIOR GUARDS THIS SUMMER.
-WHO DECIDED?
-MY DAD GAVE US A
PLACE TO REHEARSE.
-YEAH, WE'RE GONNA
JAM ALL SUMMER.
-MITCH: WELL YOU'RE NOT.
-HOBIE: YES I AM.
-MITCH: NO YOU'RE NOT.
-HOBIE: YES I--
-EXCUSE ME, COULD
I HAVE A LITTLE WORD
WITH MY SON FOR A SECOND?
THANK YOU.
-BOY: BE RIGHT OVER HERE.
-I CAN MAKE MY OWN DECISIONS.
-NOT DECISIONS THIS IMPORTANT.
-WHAT, YOU JUST GET TO MAKE
ALL THE IMPORTANT DECISIONS
IN MY LIFE AND I JUST GET
TO STAND THERE, SALUTE YOU,
AND FOLLOW ORDERS, IS THAT IT?
-HOBIE, I'M NOT TELLING
YOU DON'T PLAY YOUR MUSIC,
I'M JUST SAYING DON'T GIVE UP
EVERYTHING ELSE
IN LIFE TO DO IT.
-MOM SAID IF I DIDN'T
WANT TO DO JUNIOR GUARDS
I DIDN'T HAVE TO, AND THAT
IF I WANT TO BE A MUSICIAN
I SHOULD GO FOR IT
AND GIVE IT MY ALL.
-WHEN? WHEN DID
YOUR MOM SAY THAT?
-LAST WEEK ON THE PHONE.
SHE SAID I DIDN'T HAVE TO
FOLLOW IN YOUR FOOTSTEPS,
AND THAT I COULD DO WHATEVER
I WANTED WITH MY LIFE.
SEE YOU LATER.
COME ON GUYS, LET'S GO.
-HEY!
-MITCH: HEY!
-DID YOU FEEL THAT
EARTHQUAKE THIS MORNING?
-WHAT EARTHQUAKE?
-IT WAS A FIVE POINT FIVE,
YOU DIDN'T FEEL IT?
-CJ, I GREW UP HERE, I DON'T
FEEL ANYTHING UNDER A SIX.
-MY ENTIRE BED
ALMOST COLLAPSED.
THANK GOD THERE WAS
NO ONE UNDER IT.
-[LAUGHING]
-MITCH!
MITCH, MEET RILEY FERGUSON.
RILEY, THIS IS MITCH BUCHANNON.
-MITCH, HOW YOU DOING?
-GOOD, THANKS.
-RILEY'S HERE WITH
A TEAM OF GEOLOGISTS
TO INSTALL A SEISMOMETER
IN THE MOUNTAIN FAULT.
-GOTTA MAKE SURE
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
BECOME OCEAN
LIFEGUARDS IN ARIZONA.
-CALIFORNIA FALLING
INTO THE OCEAN?
-WELL, LET'S HOPE NOT.
-RILEY'S SPECIALTY
IS DEEP SEA DIVING.
-REALLY, HARD HAT OR SCUBA?
-BOTH, BUT IF I HAD MY
CHOICE, I'D FREE DIVE.
-OH, I WOULD LOVE TO
LEARN HOW TO FREE DIVE.
-IT'S THE CLOSEST THING
TO LIVING UNDER THE SEA.
MAKES YOU WISH YOU HAD GILLS.
YOU EVER TRIED, MITCH?
-OH YEAH, BUT I ACTUALLY
STARTED DEVELOPING GILLS
SO I HAD TO CUT BACK.
-UH, MITCH, I'M GONNA BE GOING
OUT TO THE FAULT TOMORROW
WITH RILEY AND THE GEOLOGISTS.
WE'LL BE LEAVING AROUND 3:00 AM
AND I THINK I'LL BE
BACK AROUND NOON.
THEIR PERMIT REQUIRES
A SAFETY OFFICER.
-AND YOU VOLUNTEERED.
-YES.
LOOK, I'LL NEED TO GO OVER
THE DETAILS OF YOUR DIVE PLAN.
SO, MAYBE WE COULD DO
DINNER AT MY PLACE.
-GREAT, BUT I GOTTA WARN
YOU I'M A VEGETARIAN.
-GREAT, I MAKE AN
INCREDIBLE BLACK BEAN SALAD.
-BLACK BEAN SALAD.
-GOOD TO MEET YOU.
BLACK BEAN SALAD.
-[SCREAMING]
-THE FIVE SWIMMERS SWIMMING
AWAY FROM THE BEACH,
SWIM PARALLEL TO SHORE.
DO NOT SWIM AWAY
FROM THE BEACH.
-I WANT YOU ALL HERE BRIGHT
AND EARLY MONDAY MORNING
SO WE CAN START
THE WATER PROGRAM.
THE FIRST THING WE'RE
GONNA LEARN IS CPR,
AND AFTER A SPENDING A
DAY WITH ALL YOU GUYS,
I'M SURE I'M GONNA BE
THE ONE WHO NEEDS IT.
-[LAUGHTER]
-MATT! MATT, I NEED BACKUP!
-YOU GUYS STAY HERE, OKAY?
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-MULTIPLE VICTIMS
OFF TOWER SIX.
ONE WAY SWIMMERS, WE NEED SCARAB
AND OTHER WATER-BASED SUPPORT.
-HELP!
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-CJ: HELP'S COMING,
YOU'LL BE OKAY.
-[YELLING]
-HERE, TAKE MY HAND.
THAT'S IT.
YOU CAN MAKE IT,
GRAB ONTO THE STERN.
-[ROCK MUSIC]
-MATT: LOGAN, GET THE
MALE VICTIM CLOSEST TO YOU!
THE MALE VICTIM, OVER THERE.
DAMN!
-LOGAN: IT'S
OKAY, I'VE GOT YA.
-HELP!
-MATT: CLIMB ON.
-[GASPING]
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-YOU'RE ALL RIGHT, WAIT HERE.
I GOT HER, LET ME TAKE OVER.
-I'VE GOT HER, DO COMPRESSIONS.
-ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR, FIVE.
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR, FIVE.
YOU'RE OKAY.
-[COUGHING]
JOHN, GET THE OXYGEN.
YOU'LL BE OKAY MA'AM.
YOU'LL BE OKAY.
CAN I TALK TO YOU FOR A MINUTE?
-SURE.
-COME ON.
-WHAT THE HELL WERE
YOU DOING OUT THERE?
-UM, LET'S SEE, SAVING LIVES.
-OH, YOU CALL
THAT SAVING LIVES?
NEARLY RUNNING ONE VICTIM DOWN
SO YOU COULD SAVE ANOTHER,
WHO HAPPENS TO BE A FEMALE.
-FIRSTLY, DON'T TELL
ME HOW TO DO MY JOB.
SHE NEEDED HELP
MORE THAN HE DID.
AND SECONDLY, I KNEW THAT
ME AND MY RUBBER DUCKY
WOULD GET HER ON
SHORE WAY BEFORE YOU.
-SO YOU AND YOUR RUBBER DUCKY
ALMOST DROWN HIM IN YOUR WAKE.
-OH, BUT I KNEW YOU'D
RESCUE HIM, MATT.
YOU'RE A LOS ANGELES
COUNTY LIFEGUARD.
I ONLY STRIVE TO
BE AS GOOD AS YOU.
-YOU ARROGANT SON OF A--
-HEY, HEY, HEY, THAT'S ENOUGH!
-COME ON.
-YOU'RE ON-DUTY
LIFEGUARDS, NOW GIVE YOUR
MALE HORMONES A REST AND TRY
AND BEHAVE LIKE PROFESSIONALS.
-I'M OFF-DUTY, AND
HE'S NO PROFESSIONAL.
-MY MATEY'S JUST JEALOUS.
I BEAT HIM TO THE
RESCUE AND THE POOR BOY
DIDN'T GET THE HERO
WORSHIP HE WAS AFTER.
-MATT, GO TO MY TOWER AND
FILL OUT RESCUE CARDS, NOW.
-MATT: OKAY.
-LOGAN: BYE.
-WE DON'T COMPETE TO
SAVE LIVES HERE, LOGAN.
WE WORK TOGETHER AS A TEAM.
NOW YOUR HOT DOG TACTICS
MAY HAVE WORKED FOR YOU
IN AUSTRALIA BUT THEY HAVE
NO PLACE ON OUR BEACH.
-ARE YOU AS EMPOWERED A
WOMAN AS YOU ARE A LIFEGUARD?
-EMPOWERED ENOUGH TO BOOT YOUR
LITTLE BUTT BACK DOWN UNDER.
NOW TAKE YOUR LITTLE
RUBBER DUCKY OUT SLOWLY
PAST THE WAVE LINE AND GO PATROL
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE PIER.
-LOGAN: I'D WAGER YOU'RE NOT.
-CJ: NOT WHAT?
-NOT AS TOUGH TO
GET ALONG WITH,
OUT OF UNIFORM.
-I DON'T CARE IF HE WAS A
TOP LIFEGUARD IN AUSTRALIA,
I DON'T NEED TO TAKE HIS CRAP.
-[SOLEMN MUSIC]
-MITCH: [PANTING]
HEY, JACKIE.
-JACKIE: HELLO, MITCH.
-UH, DON'T TELL ME
YOU CAME ALL THE WAY
BACK HERE TO SWEEP.
-WELL, FORCE OF HABIT I GUESS.
AND I JUST WANT THE PLACE TO
LOOK GOOD FOR THE NEW OWNERS.
BY MEMORIAL DAY I WILL BE
HALFWAY HOME TO PITTSBURGH,
TOWING MY LITTLE
TRAILER BEHIND ME.
-WHAT ABOUT SUMMER?
-WELL SHE FLEW HOME.
I THINK, YOU KNOW,
BREAKING UP WITH MATT
AND LEAVING THE BEACH, THAT
WAS ABOUT ALL SHE COULD HANDLE.
NOT A CROSS COUNTRY
TRIP, THAT'S FOR SURE.
BUT SHE'S ENROLLING
AT PENN STATE.
-MITCH: GREAT, GREAT.
-JACKIE: YEAH.
-WHEN DO YOU LEAVE?
-TOMORROW MORNING.
-IF YOU WANT, I'LL COME BY
AND HELP YOU HITCH
UP THE TRAILER.
-MITCH BUCHANNON, YOU
ARE ABOUT THE SWEETEST MAN
I HAVE EVER MET. I THINK THAT'S
WHY ALL THE WOMEN LOVE YOU.
BUT, I THINK I JUST WANT
TO BE ALONE TONIGHT.
NO, I'M GONNA PARK
OVERLOOKING THE OCEAN,
WAKE UP TO ONE LAST
CALIFORNIA SUNRISE,
AND GET OUT OF HERE
BEFORE THE BIG ONE HITS.
-YOU KNOW, JACKIE,
EVERYBODY AROUND HERE
IS REALLY GONNA MISS YOU.
-I'M GONNA MISS YOU GUYS.
-[EXCITED CROSSTALK]
-STACK YOUR HEADS,
STACK YOUR HEADS.
STACK YOUR HEADS,
OKAY, ONE MORE,
ONE MORE, ONE MORE.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
-OH YEAH!
-HOBIE: ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO!
-LET ME SEE 'EM.
-NO, DUDE.
OH, THANKS A LOT, YOU
KNOCKED 'EM OUT OF MY HAND.
-YOU DROPPED 'EM.
-GO GET 'EM.
-YOU GO GET 'EM.
-I DIDN'T DROP 'EM.
-JUST GO GET 'EM.
-FINE.
-[OMINOUS MUSIC]
-HEY, SOME BUM GOT OUR PICTURES.
-YEAH, HE WENT UNDER THE PIER.
-BOY: GO GET 'EM BACK.
-FROM A BUM?
-YOU DROPPED 'EM.
-[OMINOUS MUSIC]
-HOBIE: HELLO?
ANYBODY FIND SOME
PICTURES ON THE BEACH?
-THIS THE SNAPSHOTS
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR?
-YEAH, THAT'S ME
AND MY FRIENDS.
-FRIENDS ARE A VERY
IMPORTANT THING TO HAVE.
YOU KNOW, PICTURES OF FRIENDS
ARE EVEN BETTER ACTUALLY,
'CAUSE YOU KNOW THAT YOU GOT 'EM
AND THEY'RE NOT ALWAYS
GETTING IN YOUR WAY.
MY NAME'S GARRETT.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
-HOBIE.
-HOBIE, LIKE THE CAT, OR
HOBIE, LIKE THE SURFBOARD?
-UH, THE SURFBOARD.
MY DAD USED TO HAVE ONE.
HE'S REAL CLOSE BY, SO IF
I COULD HAVE MY PICTURES.
-GO AHEAD, PRESS MY
ELBOW. PRESS IT RIGHT HERE.
-THANKS.
-HEY, NEXT TIME YOU'RE
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD,
STOP BY AND SAY HI.
SEE THAT, THAT'S MY
PLACE RIGHT THERE.
THE SECOND BOX LEFT
OF THE CENTRAL PILLAR.
WE'LL SEE YOU KID.
-ALL RIGHT, SEE YA.
THANKS A LOT.
-[GENTLE MUSIC]
-I'M GONNA MISS THIS PLACE.
-I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
-WAS THIS REALLY NECESSARY?
-I JUST DIDN'T WANT YOU TO
COME WALKING IN ON RILEY AND ME.
-RILEY? WHO'S RILEY?
DO I KNOW HIM?
-NO YOU DON'T, HE'S
AN OCEANOGRAPHER
I'M GOING OUT WITH TOMORROW.
-THEN WHY IS HE HERE TONIGHT?
-I'M GOING OUT TO THE
FAULT WITH HIM TOMORROW
TO PLANT THE SEISMOMETER.
WE'RE GOING OVER THE
GAME PLAN TONIGHT.
-IF YOU'RE JUST GOING
OVER A GAME PLAN TONIGHT
THEN WHY ARE YOU SO WORRIED
ABOUT ME WALKING IN ON YOU?
-BECAUSE WE'RE IN THAT
TRANSITIONAL MODE THAT OCCURS
SPONTANEOUSLY WHEN TWO
PEOPLE DISCOVER THEY HAVE
A LOT IN COMMON AND THEIR
WORKING RELATIONSHIP
STARTS TO DEVELOP
INTO SOMETHING ELSE.
-WELL IF IT'S SO SPONTANEOUS,
THEN WHY DO YOU NEED A POST-IT?
-LOOK, IT'S SPONTANEOUS FOR
HIM OKAY, SO JUST COME IN,
SAY HI NICE TO MEET
YOU AND GOODNIGHT.
-OKAY.
-DO NOT ENGAGE HIM
IN CONVERSATION,
DO NOT DO ANYTHING DISTRACTING.
-FINE.
HI.
-RILEY: HEY.
-RILEY, THIS IS CJ. CJ, RILEY.
-CJ, YOU MUST BE
STEPHANIE'S ROOMMATE.
-IT IS SO NICE TO MEET YOU.
-WELL IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU.
-[THROAT CLEARING]
-OH, GOODNIGHT.
-GOODNIGHT.
SO, WHERE WERE WE?
-I BELIEVE WE'RE ON BREATHING
TECHNIQUES WEREN'T WE?
-OH YEAH, FOR FREE DIVING.
AND WHAT WAS THAT PATTERN AGAIN?
TWO IN AND FIVE OUT?
-NO, IT'S TWO IN AND FOUR OUT.
-OH.
-YOU READY?
-MM-HMM.
-INHALE.
-NO, GUYS COME ON,
THIS IS NOT WORKING.
-OUR TIMING'S ALL OFF.
-HEY DON'T LOOK AT ME,
HOBIE KEEPS FALLING BEHIND.
-THAT'S BECAUSE JB'S
PLAYING BEHIND THE BEAT.
-YOU WANT A FASTER BEAT?
-EARTHQUAKE!
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-[GENTLE MUSIC]
-DID THE EARTH JUST MOVE?
-I THINK IT DID.
-DO YOU THINK ANYONE ELSE
FELT IT, OR WAS IT JUST US?
-I HAVE NO IDEA.
-EXCUSE ME.
I JUST CAME IN TO
GET A FLASHLIGHT.
IN CASE THERE'S ANOTHER QUAKE.
IGNORE ME.
KEEP DANCING.
-COULD YOU JUST EXCUSE
ME FOR ONE MOMENT?
-YEAH.
-WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
-WELL IN CASE
THERE'S ANOTHER QUAKE
I'M NOT GONNA GO RUNNING OUT
OF HERE JUST WEARING THIS.
-OH, BUT YOU CAN GO
RUNNING OUT OF HERE
JUST WEARING THAT IN
FRONT OF A TOTAL STRANGER?
-WELL HE WOULDN'T BE
A TOTAL STRANGER IF YOU
WOULD HAVE BEEN POLITE ENOUGH
TO INTRODUCE US PROPERLY.
-ME, POLITE?
DO YOU THINK IT'S POLITE
TO WALK IN ON US
WEARING A NEGLIGEE?
-THIS COVERS MORE
THAN A BATHING SUIT.
-IT HAS A TOTALLY
DIFFERENT CONNOTATION.
-CJ: DON'T BE SILLY,
YOU'RE BEING RIDICULOUS.
-I'M SORRY, I
REMEMBERED THE BATTERIES
IN THE FLASHLIGHT WERE LOW AND
I DIDN'T WANT HER TO GET--
-[KNOCKING]
WHAT NOW?
I GOT IT.
-HI.
-CAROLINE.
CAROLINE, WHAT'S WRONG?
-OH GOSH, OH GOD
THIS IS A BAD TIME.
YOU KNOW WHAT, I'LL COME BACK.
-OH NO, NO.
-CAROLINE: I'LL COME BACK
ANOTHER TIME, IT'S OKAY.
-CAROLINE, WHAT'S GOING ON?
-FRANK AND I ARE
GETTING A DIVORCE.
-CJ: OH.
-STEPHANIE: OH, CAROLINE.
-CJ: I HOPE YOU'RE OKAY.
I'M GLAD YOU CAME HERE.
-HEY LOOK, IT'S GETTING LATE.
WE GOTTA GET A
REALLY EARLY START.
GET SOME SLEEP.
-I'LL TRY.
-I REALLY ENJOYED TONIGHT.
-ME TOO.
-CJ, IT WAS A
PLEASURE MEETING YOU.
CAROLINE, I HOPE
THINGS WORK OUT FOR YA.
-THANKS.
-GOODNIGHT.
-STEPHANIE: GOODNIGHT.
CAROLINE--
-WELL HE SEEMED REALLY NICE.
WHO WAS HE?
-CAROLINE, LOOK, WHAT HAPPENED?
-FRANK CHEATED ON ME AGAIN.
BUT THIS TIME I HAD
THE GUTS TO LEAVE HIM.
SO, I WAS KINDA HOPING I
COULD STAY HERE WITH YOU GUYS
FOR A LITTLE WHILE UNTIL
I FIND A PLACE OF MY OWN.
IS THAT OKAY?
-YEAH.
-OKAY.
-LET'S DO IT ONE MORE TIME,
THIS TIME DO IT
LIKE WE'RE ON MTV.
YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE
HOME OVER AN HOUR AGO.
-YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO COME
IN THERE AND DRAG ME OUT.
-LOOK, IF YOU HAD COME HOME
WHEN YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO
I WOULDN'T HAVE HAD TO.
-YEAH SORRY OKAY, WE
GOT INTO THE MUSIC,
I LOST TRACK OF TIME.
-WELL THE MUSIC BETTER BE
THE ONLY THING
YOU'RE GETTING INTO.
-I'M NOT DOING DRUGS
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU MEAN.
-LOOK, WE GOTTA
HAVE A TALK, OKAY?
ABOUT MUSIC, ABOUT PRIORITIES,
ABOUT A LOT OF THINGS.
-I REALLY DON'T WANT
TO TALK RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
-HOBIE.
HOBIE!
AH, PUBERTY.
-[GENTLE MUSIC]
-HEY.
WHAT TIME IS IT?
-IT'S ALMOST THREE
IN THE MORNING.
WHY DON'T YOU GO
SLEEP IN MY BED?
-MM-MM, NO, I
REALLY LIKE IT HERE.
HEY, STEPH, I WAS
THINKING, WITH SUMMER GONE
THAT I COULD GET BACK
INTO SHAPE AND RE-QUALIFY
DURING THE NEXT RECHECK AND
TAKE HER PLACE AT BAYWATCH.
-CAROLINE, YOU HAVEN'T BEEN
A LIFEGUARD SINCE HIGH SCHOOL.
-I KNOW, IT'S JUST THOSE WERE
THE HAPPIEST TIMES, STEPH.
I JUST-- I REALLY
WANNA BE HAPPY AGAIN.
-YOU WILL BE.
I PROMISE YOU WILL BE.
-[OMINOUS MUSIC]
-MAN.
I'VE GOTTA GET THAT ON TAPE.
-[GENTLE MUSIC]
-CAREFUL.
-DID YOU GUYS
CHECK OVER THE SEISMOMETER?
-IT'LL BE ONLINE IN A
COUPLE OF SECONDS HERE.
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-THOSE ULTRA LOW
FREQUENCY RADIO WAVES
ARE GOING RIGHT OFF THE SCALE.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THAT?
-COULD BE A
PRE-TEMPER VIBRATION.
REMEMBER SANTA CRUZ BEFORE
THE LOMA PRIETA QUAKE?
-SO HOW'S HE DOING DOWN THERE?
EVERYTHING IN PLACE?
-YEAH, BUT WE'RE GETTING
SOME VERY UNUSUAL READINGS.
-RILEY?
-RILEY: YEAH.
-CAN YOU REPOSITION
THAT SEISMOMETER?
-RILEY: WHERE DO YOU NEED IT?
-TRY GETTING IT ON BEDROCK.
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-OH MY GOD!
-STEPHANIE: WHAT?
-RILEY! GET OUT OF THERE!
-[SCREAMING]
-NO!
NO!
-OH MY GOD!
-[SCREAMING]
-HOBIE!
GOD.
HOBIE?
-CAROLINE: CJ! CJ!
-CAROLINE!
-OH MY GOD, WHAT DO
I DO, WHAT DO I DO?
I'M STUCK IN HERE.
-CJ: HANG ON.
-HELP ME!
-OH, GOD.
EVERYTHING'S GOING TO BE OKAY.
-[SCREAMING]
-WHAT WAS THAT?
-THAT MUST HAVE
BEEN AN AFTERSHOCK.
WE GOTTA GET TO HEADQUARTERS.
-[GASPING]
-OKAY, HOLD ONTO THE BOAT.
HOLD ONTO THE BOAT.
JUST HOLD ON OKAY?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
HOLD ON, MAX, OKAY?
I'M GONNA GET TOM.
-BUT DON'T LEAVE ME!
-HELP!
PLEASE, SOMEBODY HELP ME!
I'M STUCK, PLEASE, HELP!
OH NO.
-[CREAKING]
-[GRUNTING]
-MAX, HOLD HIM.
-I CAN'T.
-JUST DO IT, MAX.
-COME ON, GUY, COME ON.
THERE YOU GO.
WHAT ABOUT RILEY?
-HOW CLOSE TO THE FAULT WAS HE?
-HE WAS IN IT.
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-[ENDING THEME MUSIC]